link to finished codepen https://codepen.io/kennytran275/pen/gOLwrrg?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that gives meaning or context to our code. We use it for accessibility purposees.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It's used for the structure of our websites.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        It's more information about an HTML element that we put in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It's for the main title of a page that we should use once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Anchor and image
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Header
    7. What is an id? 
        Id is used to specify a single HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        You can add an id to any elements as long as the id is unique.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Id must never be the same.
    10. What is a class? 
        Class is an attribute that can be used on multiple HTML elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As much as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Use target = "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        Alt is the description of an image if the image failed to load.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        Use a # symbol
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section is semantic and div is not.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to decorate the structure.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        Just use h2 { }.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class is used to style a group of HTML elements. For example, change the text of all paragraph to red.
        Id is used to style a specific HTML element. For example, make the second section background cyan.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        Use a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p { }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Parent selector is a broad HTML element, while a child selector is more specific under the parent. This is useful when we want to decorate something inside the parent selector.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar div a { }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Selectors with a ":" before them.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        We use a break tag.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        Use letter-spacing property in CSS.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        Use text-transform property in CSS.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        Use the border property in CSS.
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        Use a "*".
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    Use /*"your comment here"*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        Use pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        Use ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        Use rm -r. It will delete everything inside the directory and the directory itself.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It's great for debugging.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every major changes or every twenty minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin "branch-name" for the first time. Then we can use git push.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. On github, fork your own repo.
        2. Clone your repo on github
        3. cd into your preferred directory
        4. Use git clone "url"
        5. cd into your clone repo
        6. Make a branch with git checkout -b "your-name"
        7. Edit the repo
        8. Use git add .
        9. Use git commit -m"your message"
        10. For the first time you use git push -u origin "your-name". Then git push later
        11. Go back to your forked repo on github and make a pull request
        12. Copy and paste the url as a submission link
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?